O Panneerselvam, who has challenged VK Sasikala for the job of Tamil Nadu chief minister, said today he would prove his majority in the Assembly. This followed a fresh offensive by Ms Sasikala as she said her opponents were the same who had "betrayed" former chief minister J Jayalalithaa. Mr Panneerselvam's challenge came as more support trickled in for him but over 100 AIADMK party legislators, who are key to deciding the conflict, remained holed up at a luxury resort. Ms Sasikala denied the lawmakers had been held captive against their will and alleged that her opponents were CHENNAI: The pace of developments at IT major Infosys acquired considerable momentum on Sunday, a day before CEO Vishal Sikka is to meet institutional investors in Mumbai, with former board member T V Mohandas Pai and former chief financial officer V Balakrishnan making fresh statements.


Sikka’s meeting with investors and the Infosys board’s decision to address the media on Monday evening in Mumbai, along with reports saying the markets regulator, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), is closely watching the developments at the company, created a buzz that Infosys might make some important announcements on Monday.


While sources say the meeting with investors was organised by Kotak Institutional Equities much before the feud between the company’s founders and the current management came out in the open, under the current circumstances, Sikka is likely to face questions and demands for clarification.


On Sunday, Balakrishnan told PTI that Infosys should appoint an interim chairman to “engage effectively with the founders” and that the current chairman Ramaswami Seshasayee must step down forthwith, to defuse tension. “If required, re-constitute the board and move on,” he said adding that this kind of a “public spat” is always a distraction for any company that affects the morale of employees and client sentiments.


Meanwhile, Pai exhorted institutional investors to raise questions about the huge cash pile on the company’s books as well as governance issues. He said that institutional investors have a responsibility to protect their investment and that they should not hesitate to question the Infy board if they found something that could erode shareholders’ value.


“Capital allocation is important. Institutional investors should raise questions on governance because it concerns the company’s reputation,” he said. These comments come in the wake reports saying Infosys might be mulling a massive share buyback programme to pare its cash pile.


Pai explained that it’s a global practice for listed companies to buy back shares to show confidence in the company and stabilise the stock price. “All over the world, when growth slows down for listed companies and there is too much cash, shareholders will ask what are they doing with the cash... about capital allocations.”
